Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. You know what I forgot to ask you how your beard was doing in group, the other day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Honestly, like this past week and a half. I've been hearing like I don't like reading again.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Weird, huh.
Nicole Roybal: Like when I'm just like laying down. Like, I don't know, it's weird. Like I feel like I hear like
Nicole Roybal: Like static radio or something like, oh, here, like, I don't know, it's weird. Like I was feeling suicidal and I feel like I'll hear like only I tune into like the stations or something.
Nicole Roybal: Right, like you would be weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is, um, do you, you're saying it sort of casually. Is there any distress about it, or you've kind of come to terms that it's just in the healing process. And you got to wait it out.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, that's
Nicole Roybal: Fine better I can actually hear what people are saying it just sounds like it's like far away.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, really try to hear. I'm like laying down on my left ear or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me get a note open on Nicole, do you have a sense of what you want from today, you kind of have an idea of what you want.
Nicole Roybal: No not really, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to do
Nicole Roybal: That too. And really, honestly, I'm Daniel. He took his
Nicole Roybal: He took his chili sauce. If quarantine lever to do it if they wanted the time off, he's often well five years I've known him but so he's here right now. So I just want to let you know I have the door closed and everything. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it affect you. Is there something you kind of might be shy about sharing a little bit
Nicole Roybal: No, I just feel like whenever there's someone else in the house in the apartment. I should let you in case they might be a little standoffish. Because of that, maybe I might not able to open up as much as I know someone else listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it.
Nicole Roybal: Right. That might be what it is. I'm not sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, yeah, we'll see. Right. If you notice, oh, I want to say it, but I'm kind of inhibited. That would be the feeling is, I really, I'm afraid they'll be listening years so
Gwenevere Abriel: You know if you can tell me, that'd be great. So that I can kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of know that but if not, that's okay too. But I appreciate the heads up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so overall, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Has there been a sense of I don't want to get out of bed and excessive sleeping, that is even more than
Gwenevere Abriel: Matches everybody's lump it because we're all on quarantine. Right, so that is above and beyond that, that it might be sort of a sign of depression. Is there any of that going on.
Nicole Roybal: I do find myself not wanting to go to bed, a lot. Just like I just don't want to get up.
Nicole Roybal: And I'm like, not even tired, no more, but I still want to lay there. It's like, what else do I have to do. And I do have stuff to do like clean the house, apartment and everything, but I just, I don't want to get up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what ends up happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you end up doing with that day.
Nicole Roybal: Well I lay there until I have to get up and make Daniel his lunch whenever he comes home from work, but I was not working, but
Nicole Roybal: That's only been two days, but um but no usually or I'll have to get up to go with my mom to my grandma's so like I always still have to get up, usually it's a little my grandma's every other day.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, but I'm on the days. I don't have to do anything. I kind of, I'm just yeah I'm pretty lazy and I don't really
Gwenevere Abriel: This is kind of what you were going through before ever since quarantine. I've been so lazy to get up. I know I don't have anything much to do except go to grandma's
Gwenevere Abriel: So that is kind of the same as as last week.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said resumes up today, but I feel, everyone will need to wear masks for a long time. I can't work with that stupid mask. I go crazy. Go to the store for 10 minutes and my whole face is drenched, I can't stand being caught every time I feel like I'm withdrawing
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it. What's it like to hear that explanation back out. You just know
Nicole Roybal: It sounds
Nicole Roybal: Ridiculous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, I mean, it might. What if it's a little bit of both. Who knows but you really don't like the sweating, that's for sure. That's one of those symptoms that you just, just don't like
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I can't, I don't know why I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the only flaw in that is this
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's what I i'm guessing about your character. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: I think if you were in an apartment. I think if you had a child, I think if you had a car payment. I think if you had a commitment to going to school or a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you get it done.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I know. I would too. But
Nicole Roybal: It's just like the steps of getting there, and then
Nicole Roybal: Actually doing in and plus i guess transportation is always a problem, but I don't. And then that also. I don't want to drive because I'm scared of driving like that. It's just so I have to take the bus, no matter what.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, do I know why I'm the, I don't want to try. I can't remember if that's is that because of a car accident.
Nicole Roybal: Um, well, that is, it adds to the anxiety I already have. Yeah. But yeah, I've had cracks in it. I've got a DWI.
Nicole Roybal: And but I luckily got away with it ended up getting dropped because the state doesn't know how to do their people were
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Nicole Roybal: So that was like, God bless you mean I
Nicole Roybal: Was like, don't do it again. So I know not drinking now by just hit really bad anxiety of like all the other drivers and plus i'm i don't know i get scared of myself driving choose. I'm like, I get like I get exactly. I mean, then I'll start like being scared of staying in my lane and then
Nicole Roybal: Yet cars are crazy and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so there's a lot of em pockets of where you get anxious. There's a lot of places where that happens. And one of them is
Nicole Roybal: Counting just talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, how is it. So, for example, since I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think the rest of us do with those bad drivers. Right, so there there were out there, driving
Gwenevere Abriel: But what are we doing, you guys know how to drive.
You think
Gwenevere Abriel: User
Experience.
Nicole Roybal: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Not forever.
Nicole Roybal: Their parents taught them young like for like 15 or even a little bit younger. They always taught them how to drive. I never was taught how to drive every
Nicole Roybal: Time I drove was when like my friends let me drive their car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. I think I get it. So here we go. It's I got my license. At what age I
Nicole Roybal: Never had a license.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so it's more than just a deja vu why you were driving without a license.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, and without any, anything like insurance registration.
Nicole Roybal: Was my sister's car and I told it to get her new one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Nicole.
Nicole Roybal: That was like right before I started my therapy.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any part of you that wonders if this time might be a good time for reflection and really thinking through what your next step is like the next big step like you know that left right side of the page. I'm wondering if one of them might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting a driver's education, like, you know, they're not too, too expensive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Learning how to drive and then a driver's license. Maybe you end up not driving, whatever, but you have a license because oftentimes, whether it's ID or its license having it is, it's a responsible thing to do. It's like a real grown up thing to have. Right. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I have an idea.
Nicole Roybal: I know. And honestly, right, like my grandparents live when I was going over there without my mom.
Nicole Roybal: Would be like they wanted me to go to the store for them in their car.
Oh, yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Right. Like, that's another
Nicole Roybal: Reason why she get it. She was like little things like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that the activity that I was, um, I was doing in group about picking something that
Gwenevere Abriel: kind of keeps you awake now what you shared was it's my alcoholism, that I wonder, will I always have these thoughts will right
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, that was one of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, do these ever keep you up at night. Like, I wonder if I'll ever get a job I wonderful have a career wonderful have a house, I want
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonderful get my license. I wonder if I'll ever be comfortable in a car. I wonder if all have this and this. Do those like everyday kind of things ever come in, they're
Nicole Roybal: Not all of those are mainly like the one about am I, is my life ever going to be like
Nicole Roybal: More than is like, AM I EVER GOING TO HAVE A JOB. And I'm going to be successful.
Nicole Roybal: And I ever going to be able to
Nicole Roybal: provide as much is provided for Daniel as much as you provide for me.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you answer yourself.
Nicole Roybal: I don't, I kind of just
Nicole Roybal: Think of something else or just, I don't know. I guess I just, I kind of block it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just makes me sad. It makes you sad.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Even
Nicole Roybal: Close.
Nicole Roybal: Don't even know what I wanted to be this year like more frustrating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now let's go back to remember the discussions that we've had about identifying who you are, that a lot of what we've been doing very recently has been looking closely at identity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you know, first figuring out
Gwenevere Abriel: Who you are
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it turn out that you can think you're pretty awesome.
Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Say the first part again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm not doing anything with myself. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've
Nicole Roybal: Been saying for a long time. A really good
Nicole Roybal: Move already and I
Especially
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: That right there that second part.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how you lie to yourself just that second for
Gwenevere Abriel: It, it's happening to all of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's that you probably just don't trust that whatever it is that you pick that you're going to do just for that day. That's, that's enough. It just have to be any big thing, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to go on the internet. Do this writing a list of those things that you only do that's why that
Gwenevere Abriel: Constructive worry guys was was important.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sitting still.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not doing anything. You said
Gwenevere Abriel: But there are things that you could be reading learning and researching
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, instead of snoozing
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to have it all figured
Nicole Roybal: Out, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. You're right at the right age when you pick up, pick something you're not late
Gwenevere Abriel: To know that
Nicole Roybal: I don't feel that
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the Mr review with you guys to
Gwenevere Abriel: Contention for
Gwenevere Abriel: The development of the brain doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean women about 26 right about right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for men, especially if they have any kind of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and finishes at 30
Gwenevere Abriel: Literally, we're still like in our brain. We're still a kid, we're not finished developing
Gwenevere Abriel: So as far as I'm concerned, when I see your age. I'm I bet she's kind of on time she's about ready to kind of figure out a direction she wants to go. It doesn't have to be the only direction, but it could be one one that interest her
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, for some people.
Gwenevere Abriel: And coal and I wonder if this is what will work for you. For some people it gets bad and then they get out there, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people, they get arrested. Some people, they get that actual DUI. For some people, their parents kick them out or break up with a boyfriend. Like for reals. Like there's nowhere like I've got to actually start doing
In the
Nicole Roybal: Lake with me. It was like it to an extreme for me to actually do something
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's a good thing to know. Oh.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, so he has made me, notice that they're going to do that like okay him so matched to the point where he's not taking out and and funny, Alex. Firstly, calming down and listening and stop fighting with me. You know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a hard thing to overcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you know i know
Gwenevere Abriel: That's pretty common.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're patient with
Gwenevere Abriel: Tolerate
Gwenevere Abriel: Things kind of know it's not perfect, but I can put up with this if you've been doing that for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not keep doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what the mind does just like No, let's just keep whatever there's no pressure. There's no deadline number I've talked to you about what procrastination thing is there's no one pushing no deadline. But when Daniel says you're about to get kicked out or something, then you see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. So notice right now. No one's telling you get a job, go to school, get your license. Notice that there's no one really telling you what to do. It's just you.
Nicole Roybal: push myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so easy to say, oh, I have to push myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really hard to do. If you don't commit
Gwenevere Abriel: So for example, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say there was no real commitment in in bright heart right at bright heart said to you know what you show up when you want to
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come on, really think you'd have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you would have a consistency and group attendance that consistency showing up for individual therapy if they had said, Well, just just show up when you want to
Nicole Roybal: Probably not.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why I'm making a commitment and hearing what the
Consequence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Helped
Gwenevere Abriel: Organize day
Nicole Roybal: Oh no, definitely. I see that a lot of people to you tell them you don't you don't do medication. So I noticed that people like when you tell them that they started showing up more
Nicole Roybal: Like you know
Nicole Roybal: Waking up at seven in the morning. It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're, you're, you're attending a nice
Gwenevere Abriel: And then is it that you go right back to sleep.
Nicole Roybal: What
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you go to sleep right after
Nicole Roybal: Sometimes. Sometimes it'll stay up for a little bit and then I'll usually have been falsely probably an hour. Just because if not by like two, three o'clock. I'll be sitting there like falling to sleep. I'm so tired.
Nicole Roybal: My boys.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just look and see
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so maybe having a piece of paper and just sort of picture, you know, drawing a line. And here's today's date over on kind of towards the left today is 522 20
Nicole Roybal: And I was actually I was writing notes and stuff that we're talking about. So I have my head down.
I'm writing
Gwenevere Abriel: About your notes. What do you think
Nicole Roybal: I was just reading what you're saying. Like a license, get a job, figure out what kind of job I want
Nicole Roybal: You to draw a line where how
Gwenevere Abriel: Middle, you know, just like a Horizontal. Horizontal line. And what I wrote was so kind of like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, today's do
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a timeline and sort of picturing that over on the right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say a year from now, so that would be 522 21
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the half mark.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be at six months. So that's 789 10 1112 so that's Christmas.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ish right 678 910 yeah 6789 1011 that would be 1122 so that's like Thanksgiving.
Gwenevere Abriel: Six months from now is Thanksgiving.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just look at that and just think
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let your mind wander to some of the things that you could do in those six months.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where does it wander to what are some ideas that you get
Nicole Roybal: Over
birthday is in between.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. When is that
Gwenevere Abriel: That is
Gwenevere Abriel: August 23 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so then there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be 28
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's that it's that reaction that makes me wonder if you
Gwenevere Abriel: If what is defeating you is some expectation of what you're supposed to be at 30
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, we've talked about it. I really do have
Nicole Roybal: This like thing in the back of my head. Why aren't you, where do you have a job and you're both very soon. Then I know I saw two years like a lot can happen in two years, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Nicole Roybal: So far away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep keep looking at the list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this. This is just
Gwenevere Abriel: 12 months.
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't 30. This is just 12 months so
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice that you said, I'll be 30 I don't have. Now what I should have. I'm assuming that's how your mind works. I don't like it because you've got to put in there, but my guess is
Nicole Roybal: That
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're comparing yourself to someone
Gwenevere Abriel: You should be and have and
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's the problem you
Nicole Roybal: Know that like has their life or anything like that. That's my age well
Nicole Roybal: Again. Well, I don't know, my friend, Tiffany. She, she had like
Nicole Roybal: Four kids.
Nicole Roybal: Good a really good job really good and she was like she was like with like a hospital or something. And she like
Nicole Roybal: Something on the computer. If the patient or what she does, but she didn't really good money and she just got that job just just got it finger school nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and she's making
Nicole Roybal: Tapping and I'm like, How the hell. Well, these people, they just get the jobs. I went to school and everything. I mean, I don't want to be in that field. But like, how do they get the job or even having to go to school, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will tell you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you spend time thinking about
Gwenevere Abriel: What she has
Gwenevere Abriel: That kills your creativity.
Gwenevere Abriel: All you're doing is comparing
Gwenevere Abriel: look crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: The way out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just look at your own timeline. This is all you have.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: About some people have good jobs.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then they can afford fancy, fancy clothes fancy, fancy, fancy, but it's not who they are. It's just a job, maybe this planets align and they got lucky, whatever, but
Gwenevere Abriel: To get that
Gwenevere Abriel: make you sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Care. So don't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look at your own timeline. I'm excited because right here in front of me I have here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's lots of opportunity.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh I yeah I
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean, I'm just wanting you to look at it and see.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you think maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: In a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put on that timeline. I wrote
Gwenevere Abriel: What's something you'd like to put on there. You want to get done over a
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so here's the thing. Once you put your and I've got a pencil. Who can change right
Gwenevere Abriel: But if I had pencil, and I said, okay, do I want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: before my birthday august 23
Gwenevere Abriel: So just look at your timeline and get a sense. Do you want that job.
Gwenevere Abriel: before August 23
Nicole Roybal: All that I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to happen before 1122
Gwenevere Abriel: months from now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Say it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why do you need to what's different about now.
For now.
Nicole Roybal: Nothing, I just I can't go like this without money and, like, just like
Nicole Roybal: I don't know, I just was like, I'm going crazy always asking everyone else for money for cigarettes and stuff. And I'm like, I have. I do like I have enough money, that money and to be working with them but
Nicole Roybal: I'm not like I'm always bugging them asking them for money is my money, even though it's my money, but I don't know, I just, I'm all over the place today.
Nicole Roybal: As I needed to
Nicole Roybal: Thousand dollars a month. And I'm not healthy.
Nicole Roybal: Food
Gwenevere Abriel: So look at your at your timeline, notice what happened to you just now really pushed back at me around the six month mark.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a real
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost strong sense of a job. I then
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice that in yourself.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, see where you want to put a little line.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you going to give yourself a deadline.
Gwenevere Abriel: You keep it you don't keep it, whatever. It's just between you and this piece of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where would you, where would you put that
Nicole Roybal: At
Gwenevere Abriel: The end of July.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I have a job by them, because this month.
Nicole Roybal: By the end of June them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's see. Um, July.
Gwenevere Abriel: July 31
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's it like to see that date on the page that you put have job.
Gwenevere Abriel: It gives you a little anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll have to be social. I don't know how to be social without alcohol. But the big one.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the difference people
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't realize
Gwenevere Abriel: That you you're in a relationship with people in group and you're in a relationship with me you didn't have this before.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't have a clear thinking head.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't have someone that you could say to
Gwenevere Abriel: There was this customer, and he was a realtor, and I didn't know what to say, and I got scared and I just said, excuse me, and I went to the back and I cried.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you came to me and you told me, and we role played and we came up
With
Gwenevere Abriel: Right self regulation skills and then some cool ways to speak to angry customers.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you went back
Gwenevere Abriel: To work and then you did those things and it was easier and you felt confident
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not going to believe what I'm saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: The only thing you're going to believe
Gwenevere Abriel: Is when you're there doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't believe me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all philosophical
Gwenevere Abriel: All you're remembering is I used to. I thought I needed to have alcohol. I thought I needed it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't have the modeling someone to kind of teach you about your value right about
Gwenevere Abriel: Your right to speak, how to speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't have this relationship. You're forgetting that
Gwenevere Abriel: You have everyone in group everyone in there. If there was
Gwenevere Abriel: Any wanted to. Or you could go to more groups or you could see me more off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, this guy said this, she said this, or I want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it was hard and I didn't know where to look and you could talk to people, you weren't doing that we didn't have this before.
Nicole Roybal: Yes. True.
Nicole Roybal: It's like, it's like it's like I could just, like, yeah, working, they'll pop into a group of crazy or something.
Nicole Roybal: It will pop into zoom room look
Gwenevere Abriel: What you can do
Gwenevere Abriel: You can remember, you're not alone. And we're here you could send me a message and say, my boss is doing, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, maybe I'm available.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I, and I thought we could meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I might remind you of something we'd already talked about. But let me tell you something, just the feeling of knowing you're not going through this alone has powerful impact.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think practicing the skills. Now before July might be a good idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it seem like I
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe in you.
Nicole Roybal: Believe that you believe me.
Nicole Roybal: It is hard to believe in myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay for a while, you can borrow my confidence about you just borrow it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's supposed yeah I mean it's supposed to their supposed to be doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they're busy doing the best they can.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I often take on this role.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't believe in you, Nicole. You just don't realize how bright are. There's not one thing that you have set your mind to do that. You knew you already knew who to call, where to call what to do, knew exactly what the steps where no one has to tell you, you are a very bright person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know that also
Nicole Roybal: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think I'm full of shit. And I tell everybody that
Nicole Roybal: No, I know that you
Nicole Roybal: Will advocate, it's your job to make us feel better about ourselves. But I think that you truly do care. We do it because it's your job yeah and central banks as a lot of responsibility on you.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So look again at July.
Gwenevere Abriel: And look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: all you're gonna do is this is just just
Gwenevere Abriel: A way to put a
Gwenevere Abriel: Deadline. It doesn't mean anything bad will happen if you don't get it, but it might
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you're out of bed might get to the internet. If your internet we might be able to do some search snooping around
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess what I'm trying to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that you're never going to feel like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense.
Nicole Roybal: That what you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you're, you're probably not going to ever feel like doing this stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what this deadline is supposed to do is to be the kick in the butt.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one that says okay
Gwenevere Abriel: I picked a date. What do I need to do in order to achieve it. I will break it down in a tiny little bite sized pieces. And that's it. Don't overthink it. We picked a deadline. We've got the end of July, July 31st. We'll just take off so
Gwenevere Abriel: We can start
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now take a look at it. What would you
Nicole Roybal: Write for next one June.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I put just start getting up read by then I have to be getting up in the morning like eight or 9am every morning. I'm not sleeping all day.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if, what if you said
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter what by 830
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you have a silent by 830 because you were saying eight or nine. So maybe then you just compromise and just say 30
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so if you can see the screen. This is kind of random, but I've heard this from people
Gwenevere Abriel: There's this thing called Pima Community College and I'm not saying this is the bee's knees for you, but it's
Gwenevere Abriel: More than what you were doing earlier this morning, so we can just look at it so arts and humanities. Now, have you been interested in
Gwenevere Abriel: Business already like hospitality health, you want to work as it like in the dental field or the medical field is that interest you at all. I didn't seem like it did, but maybe it does. I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: Like all that stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let we're just looking at it for inspiration. So for example, when you see our arts and humanities various arts. There's English and communication fashion design language Visual and Performing Arts degrees, you can get
Gwenevere Abriel: Sign Language Arts general concentration communication English fashion music theatre translation visual arts. So what about you know how you said you want to be a caregiver. Is there a part of you that wants to go into the health
Nicole Roybal: Know what actually
Nicole Roybal: I saw was business.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so there's. So here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is um business information system and hospitality. So this is our business information system hospital or shares common goals teaching students to communicate effectively.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work as part of a team, whether it's a faulty spreadsheet formula. A bad line code or a menu that's not coming together, learning how to identify diagnose and fix problems will be the underlying goal of your studies.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you successfully complete your program you'll emerge with skills to enter employment in a variety of fields. So here's all hit business.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if your goal is to lead others in business penis flexible business degrees and certificates to provide you with leadership skills you need to get started in the field. Most programs can be completed entirely online or in person, making them ideal.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see listed degrees, you can get an A.
Gwenevere Abriel: In associate of Business Administration.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's the right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you already have some education. So you probably can, you know, transfer that stuff to not that this is the place you want to go. But this is just to get your brain going
Gwenevere Abriel: Master the business principles and skills necessary to succeed in today's competitive environment in this program you'll learn how to analyze organizations. Whoo. That's fun. I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Identify managerial problems most managers suck evaluate management environments and create marketing opportunities. You can also choose to personalize your degree by specializing in marketing or management financial aid available. Yes, this program can completely online. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. Yeah. So when you are working on your degree. Um, what, what were you taking business classes to get that far.
Nicole Roybal: No.
Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Classes to
Nicole Roybal: For a medical assistant. It was just like a vocational school
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't sound like it's something you want to do, though.
Nicole Roybal: No, I thought it
Nicole Roybal: Was because I wanted to, like, I figured. Okay, let me get one step closer to having some beer, I thought I'd end up putting in and Megan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, we got you. What was it, can I just ask what parts you didn't like because if you rule, some things out. Then you go kale steer clear. For example, did you have to touch people and that's the part she didn't like
Nicole Roybal: No, I didn't like the people
Nicole Roybal: The work environment.
Nicole Roybal: The doctors anyplace to doctors. It's like, I don't know. She just like shit. Like, I don't like the nicer. Like you could tell if they think that they're like better, because they're
Nicole Roybal: Like I don't need to tell us like walking up noses up
Nicole Roybal: Folks, and even like the other
Nicole Roybal: Whatever it is, and stuff like that, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so, um, but that has nothing to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: Most, most doctors have what's called literally a God Complex that's so frequent Nicole. There's a term for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not kidding.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right, you're either kind of okay so but now we know you don't want to be around those people. Well, you're gonna run into them in business to
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Everywhere, no matter what. I just, I don't know, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um, let's see, academic
Option.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright program requirements for 2021 this section list general education requirements that are not fulfilled by one by core or support courses so general education communication requirements.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I one 154 arts and humanities requirement bubble up required core financial accounting managerial accounting introduction to business e commerce ethics in the workplace mathematics of business DID THESE ARE THEY sounding interesting, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if there's a syllabus and
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wait, let me show you this. Ooh, I'm going to wait. No, I don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you see this just open or no little one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be a different
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it's it's not showing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just now on accounting introduction to accounting as a service activity analytical discipline and systems.
Gwenevere Abriel: Includes financial statements and the accounting profession recording accounting transactional data. This would be really you're alone and you're just you and looking at bank accounts spreadsheets, it would be you and numbers. That's what accounting would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that appeal to you or you're not having to deal with people.
Nicole Roybal: And I actually wrote that down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you might start beat. If you like the idea. Well, you know what I really for a while. I don't like the idea of having to be super social feel like a lot of pressure without what I want is just to do my job and I like numbers, then
Gwenevere Abriel: Masters in Business Administration, they can make they can make like three $400 an hour, just so you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most, most CPA Certified Public Accountants but they're going to upwards of $100,000 a year. If you happen to like numbers. God bless you. That's great. We need people like you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure, don't like them.
Nicole Roybal: I don't mind.
Nicole Roybal: I was in school. I
Nicole Roybal: At the college, not in high school. Whenever we had to do math. Everyone was like stressing like, Oh, I can't do numbers. And I'm like, it's so easy.
Nicole Roybal: Like
Nicole Roybal: I literally have to like tutor like different students in the class and like one on one, and help them so funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: So keep looking at these words, because these are words that I don't know the same way an accountant isn't gonna know transference and counter transference aquifer analogy and multiple analogy.
Gwenevere Abriel: There every profession has its own terms.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what school is for
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not supposed to know before you know so what you do is you go, Okay, well, we can just pick one. Let's just see what
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one interests you transactional data merchandising operations internal control ethical issues asset reporting. This is what I think might be interesting. What about you, do you want me look went up.
Nicole Roybal: I don't really understand
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm going to, I will. I love this word analysis because I'm like, I love analyzing but I'm going to do this one because asset is what you have an asset is I have a car. I have
Gwenevere Abriel: I have house and I have some savings. Those are our assets.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's the plus side and piece of paper over on the right, those are liabilities things that we have debt. Oh, but I have a student loans. So you go like this. You go, well, this is worth 50,000 but I owe 10,000. Well, how much do I really have 40
Gwenevere Abriel: All that's all it's just plus, minus, that's all assets, liabilities, it's just a fancy term for this is what I got. This is what I oh it's just fancy talk to, same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to look that went out for coffee stop share. Let's just go see
Nicole Roybal: Like all the classes that you have to take to get your account.
Gwenevere Abriel: What isn't what is an asset Palantir, what is an asset report understanding asset management reporting options.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we're just picking one thing. This is to just get you in. And have you not freak out. This is exposure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you freaking out right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Nicole Roybal: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So what does it say Asset Management provides reports to aid, which means help in tracking that means watching
Gwenevere Abriel: Organizing
Gwenevere Abriel: See, here's our assets you already have a new word right here, reconciling just kind of means organizing asset transactions. So that's just fancy talk Nicole for inside an account in a in a banking account if I'm moving my savings over to another savings account over to a 401k over to
Gwenevere Abriel: Some stock option.
Gwenevere Abriel: All that is, is I'm just moving my money around this is just fancy talk for I just moved my shit around
Gwenevere Abriel: Reconciling organizing money transaction transactions are. When did I do it, how much was it that's it transaction. Sounds like a big word. But it's this is a transaction right now you're getting a service.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your insurance is going to bail for this is a transaction, you and I, there's a good. There's a service that's happening right now. And that's all it is. No. Yep.
Nicole Roybal: And all this
Nicole Roybal: What she had spent and all that kind of them getting an idea, but I have an idea of what you're talking about. Just a little bit. My girl teaching me that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. That's it. And, and, or let's say you decide you want to be a lawyer. Let's say you say, Well, you know what I want to be on protecting the rights of vulnerable adults. And in fact, maybe you want to protect the rights of the elderly and you fall in love with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, then you would pursue that.
Nicole Roybal: That's a big one. That's wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, whatever. But
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well let's let's just stay here with where you're feeling optimistic. Okay, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you can do it. But let's let's just stay here. So we have
Gwenevere Abriel: Depreciation, that just means the value of something went down.
Gwenevere Abriel: My house the value went down as soon as coven occurred it depreciated
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I so basically
Gwenevere Abriel: All this was was exposure therapy exposing you to the very thing that maybe you were thinking it's going to overwhelm me if I go online, I don't want to get out of bed. So, now look at your look down at your timeline.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you feel inspired to write something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: And give it a date something you'll research something you'll learn some some help.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can ask for further research or learn something else you can add to this timeline, which gives you a constraint which we all need in order to get on deadlines are very helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this connection today is the real stinker. I'm going to say
Okay.
Nicole Roybal: That was via
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, by the end of the month. Okay, so that is by many days.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many are in
Gwenevere Abriel: May.
Gwenevere Abriel: 31 yeah okay so 531
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me get back in your note and let's put that in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I make it an actual goal that we watch
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel confident that we can at least kind of get it in writing research business and accounting and I didn't hear the end of the sentence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Classes classes. There we go. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That'll be our new fancy, fancy very short term. It's going to be just
Gwenevere Abriel: By the end of May, it will be
Nicole Roybal: Very, very good. In the beginning, I hate talking about my life and what I have to do with being responsible and goals and I don't know. I don't like it. I get so defensive or you have to like me to ease into it.
Nicole Roybal: I don't like talking about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did great. I didn't find you defensive
Nicole Roybal: You felt me like getting like a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Nicole Roybal: Another word, but I'm sorry I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know Nicole, you are. You're just fantastic.
Nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are these are big scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This hard for everybody to do
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're you're actually you're in, you're in group with people that are doing the same thing. It's just you guys don't talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, some of you want to restart. Some of you, you know, pick something now you don't do it anymore. You're thinking about changing careers. You want to shift.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not alone. But she feel it because you guys aren't get maybe it's because I always have a group topic or we're talking about coping skills or something but
Gwenevere Abriel: You can literally say, is anybody in here trying to switch up a career, are you, you know, are you, you're scared to go back to school. Anybody else kind of going through that you can take the lead. You don't have to wait for me.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but I like to throw it out there. So, I still have it typed in yet so research business, I put accident.
Nicole Roybal: Accounting
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. And we said by 531 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, right. That's exciting. Whoo.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scary. Yeah, but so if so, but here's the thing, if all it is is you research it. And guess what, it's, it's a line through it, meaning
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think this is what I want to check out then you said another one I want to research and business administration, maybe I do want to be a manager, maybe I want to be more around organization I want. I've seen bad management. Like, that's where I like to be
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see problems way in advance, and I think I've got a good idea. And so I went into industrial psychology organizational psychology, because I can see large systems.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can see, oh, this is going to be a problem, this, this, you know, I can kind of consult on like I have an analytical mind. Right. You can hold lots of different parts
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can say, oh, if this goes here this will work better and I can, I kind of think like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then I went and did some of it as an EP, and there were pieces of it. I didn't like the traveling
Gwenevere Abriel: I then I but I liked working with the clients themselves. So I liked when they would meet with me one on one, and I like okay so yeah I like the business part I didn't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, because it's a lot of trainings, I have to get up a bunch of a bunch of group people I got slides and blah, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, you know, I'd rather I'd rather talk with you guys directly. So I found out, but I didn't know that until I did.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the part that you don't quite know yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but it's not it's not just empty rhetoric. It's not just talk. What I'm saying is, that's what we're all doing. It's not just you. We're all doing that, we go along. We think I want to be this.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I like this. Oh no, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody does that. That's why people change jobs. That's why whole careers, they go, Oh, I'm sick and tired of this. I want to go over here and going to go back to school and go check this out. It's not just one thing. You're like, because
Nicole Roybal: A lot of those people started college younger they're younger 20s. I'm barely I really want to slow at 26 and then
Nicole Roybal: Like I'm starting late. So by the time I actually wrote, I want to be like 40
Nicole Roybal: Is out. That's how I feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: It that actually, I just wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit HIS ENTIRE YOU FEEL THAT WAS A thought
Gwenevere Abriel: That thought caused you to feel sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or disappointed in yourself, or whatever the emotion was
Gwenevere Abriel: That event that you thought about
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to keep you in bed.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to keep you sad and you're going to keep saying the same story. Yeah, but I started late
Gwenevere Abriel: When I started late are
Gwenevere Abriel: You going to say that
Gwenevere Abriel: May 22 of the New Year 2021. Are you going to be alive. I'm not kidding. Are you going to be alive. A year from now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you want to be doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all you've got.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hate to break it down to something so simple, but if you're going to be alive. Anyway, next year, what do you want to be doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all we have. That's all. Any of us have
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, no, I don't want to be doing what I'm doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then
Gwenevere Abriel: Going ahead and saying, I can see myself judging myself 10 years from now, I can see other people judging me 10 years from now that I'm a loser. Because I'm behind stop that hot in its tracks and say no.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna be alive. Anyway, I might as well be doing something I'm, I'm proud of. That's what I'm going to do today doesn't matter with these other people think.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't get out of bed because you've already decided you're already behind
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not behind there are people that have your story that are in jail right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're going to be in there for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I supposed to judge them as less than
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you judging them as less than
Gwenevere Abriel: Then stop the judgment of the self, be nice, be kind to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just look at your piece of paper where you've done all those other tasks, because once you put your mind to a call even sitting there waiting for 45 minutes. I know you you get it done.
Gwenevere Abriel: You rock okay if you tell me that you're going to go online and before 531 you're going to research business,
Gwenevere Abriel: Business and accounting classes, you will
Gwenevere Abriel: It will help you to tell people you're going to if you keep it our little dirty secret. You might wiggle out of holding yourself accountable. But if you go into group and you say, I'm terrified to tell all of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm good. I set myself a deadline and I'm going to get done my research something and you guys asked me about it and see if I do it. You don't have to do that. But you can tell you to tell your grandma. You could tell, Daniel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Asked me
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to commit to something that is my research business and accounting by 531 and
Gwenevere Abriel: I promise I'll do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's very that's an actual commitment is when you tell another because you don't. Right. We don't want to let them down. We wanna disappoint them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just realized I have to jump into a group. Whoops.
Nicole Roybal: So Same time next week.
Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm proud of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. You got this girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you later.
Nicole Roybal: Thank you so much, appreciate it.